Improve the text (#3)
kadet1090/FreeCAD-Enhancement-Proposals: FEPs/FEP-0001-process.md

| FEP-0001       |                                               |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| Type           | Process                                       |
| Description    | Definition of the FreeCAD Enhancement Process |
| Status         | Draft                                         |

> | Author(s)      | Kacper Donat (@kadet1090)                     |

Reviewer: Can you add yourself as co author?

Author: Oh thanks! I'm not sure if my contribution justifies co-authorship. I'll add a separate commit as a co-author and then you can decide to add or not.

## Specification

FEPs should be published as Discussions on the FEP repository (TBD).  Each FEP is numbered using
four digits and new FEPs should get the next free FEP number.  FEP numbers are unique and
persistent - once a FEP number is obtained, it is reserved for that and only that FEP and cannot be
reused later.

### Who can create a FEP?

> Anyone!  However, given that FEPs are highly technical documents related to the FreeCAD code and/or
> the development process, it is mostly aimed for being created by the developer community.  Although
> not strictly necessary, it is advised that non-developers cooperate with a FreeCAD developer.

Reviewer: I think that we in the end should make it into strict requirement. Maybe something like that (although probably with better language):
```suggestion
FEPs are highly technical documents related to the FreeCAD code and/or
the development process. Therefore they are mostly aimed for being created by the developer community. Anyone from the GitHub Developers Group can make FEP. If member outside of said group would like to propose FEP it must be done in cooperation with some member of it.
```

Author: Ok, agreed.
